well howdy there internet people is Bo
again so we're talking about sanctuary
states again that's the thing to talk
about that was more and now the new
packaging is that the founding fathers
well they didn't build a country it's
for it to be ripped apart and that you
know the Supremacy Clause says that the
Fed should have power over this ok well
let's try to figure out what the
founding fathers really would have
thought about it
instead of just making stuff up so in
1798 the United States was involved in a
unofficial war with France wasn't a big
deal it was a lot of naval
confrontations why because we're the
United States and even way back then we
didn't pay our bills during the American
Revolution we incurred some debt with
France well after the French Revolution
they're like what whoa whoa hang on a
minute now we incurred these debts with
that other government the one that
doesn't exist anymore we don't know you
had died understandably the French were
upset by this
we also reopened trade with England so
they got a little hot in response to the
tension Congress passed the alien
friends and alien enemies act these acts
gave the executive branch wide
discretion and deporting people throwing
them out basically if the president
thought they were dangerous they could
go so what would the founding fathers
think of that I mean I was 1798 that
wasn't too far afterwards so certainly
one of them had to have said something
did Thomas Jefferson I think most people
heard of him he drafted something called
the Kentucky resolutions of 1798
he did this because he understood the US
Constitution gives the federal
government power over naturalization not
immigration naturalization is who gets
to be a citizen immigration well that's
people moving around Jefferson said that
alien friends are under the jurisdiction
and protection of the laws of the state
where in they are then he cited the
Tenth Amendment which said that
basically it says that any power that
isn't specifically spelled out in the
Constitution and given to the federal
government belongs to the states so we
know that at least Jefferson would be
okay with the idea of sanctuary states
we know this because he said so history
is a thing it exists you can't just
change it and repackage it because you
want to when you make an appeal to the
founding fathers and their views on
things understand that most that stuff
was written down and Thomas Jefferson
well he didn't even think I should exist
anyway it's just a thought I'll have a
good night